Here is the complete process to create a local repo and push the changes to new remote branch

Creating local repository:-

Initially user may have created the local git repository.

$ git init :- This will make the local folder as Git repository,
Link the remote branch:-

Now challenge is associate the local git repository with remote master branch.

$ git remote add RepoName RepoURL

usage: git remote add []
Test the Remote

$ git remote show --->Display the remote name

$ git remote -v --->Display the remote branches

Now Push to remote
$git add . ----> Add all the files and folder as git staged'
$git commit -m "Your Commit Message" - - - >Commit the message
$git push - - - - >Push the changes to the upstream









Check your information 
To view the information that you entered, type:
git config --global --list
Basic Git commands 

Go to the master branch to pull the latest changes from there 

git checkout master
Download the latest changes in the project 

This is for you to work on an up-to-date copy (it is important to do every time you work on a project), while you setup tracking branches.

git pull REMOTE NAME-OF-BRANCH -u
(REMOTE: origin) (NAME-OF-BRANCH: could be "master" or an existing branch)

Create a branch 

Spaces won't be recognized, so you will need to use a hyphen or underscore.

git checkout -b NAME-OF-BRANCH
Work on a branch that has already been created 

git checkout NAME-OF-BRANCH
View the changes you've made 

It's important to be aware of what's happening and what's the status of your changes.

git status
Add changes to commit 

You'll see your changes in red when you type "git status".

git add CHANGES IN RED
git commit -m "DESCRIBE THE INTENTION OF THE COMMIT"
Send changes to gitlab.com 

git push REMOTE NAME-OF-BRANCH
Delete all changes in the Git repository, but leave unstaged things 

git checkout .
Delete all changes in the Git repository, including untracked files 

git clean -f
Merge created branch with master branch 

You need to be in the created branch.

git checkout NAME-OF-BRANCH
git merge master
Merge master branch with created branch 

You need to be in the master branch.

git checkout master
git merge NAME-OF-BRANCH